Parainfo (#1904)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-auction.md

protocol. The VRF will provide the base of the randomness, which will retroactively determine the
end-time of the auction.

> The slot durations are capped to {{ polkadot: 2 years and divided into 6-month periods :polkadot }}
> {{ kusama: 24 weeks and divided into 6-week periods :kusama }}. Parachains may lease a slot for any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slot durations are capped to {{ polkadot: 2 years and divided into 6-month periods :polkadot }}; 
Kusama slots durations and periods will be less than on Polkadot. Parachains may lease a slot for any
```

Slot D |__________|     1    |     2     |     3     |     4     |...
Slot E |__________|__________|     1     |     2     |     3     |     4     |...
       ^                                             ^
       ---------------------max lease-------------------

```

> _Each period of the range 1 - 4 represents a
> {{ polkadot: 6-month duration for a total of 2 years :polkadot }}
> {{ kusama: 6-week duration for a total of 24 weeks :kusama }}_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Each period of the range 1 - 4 represents a
{{ polkadot: 6-month duration for a total of 2 years :polkadot }}
or a shorter duration on Kusama_
```
